Improve the list demo description - list with a search bar (#562)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/List/ListWithSearchBar/description.md

> The **List** supports three search modes: *"contains"*, *"startswith"*, and *"equals"*. This demo illustrates the use of *"contains"* and *"startswith"* modes. To see them in action, select the respective search mode from the "search mode" dropdown menu in the "Options" section and type a name in the search bar a the top of the **List**.
> 
> When the *"contains"* mode is selected, the **List** displays only the items that contain a string entered in the search bar.
> 
> With the *"startswith"* mode selected, the **List** only displays the items that start with a string entered in the search bar.
> 
> To add a search bar to the **List** and enable the search functionality, do the following:
> 
> - set the [searchEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#searchEnabled) property to *true*.   
> 
> - pass the name of a search mode to the [searchMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#searchMode).   
> 
> - configure the [searchExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#searchMode) property. It is used to compare the search string against a specific field in your **dataSource** object. In this example, the search string is compared against the *"Name"* field. This is why the **searchExpr** is set to *"Name"*.

Reviewer: Keep the description brief and focused on the API rather than the demo.

```suggestion
To add a search bar to the **List** and enable the search functionality, do the following:

- Set the [searchEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#searchEnabled) property to **true**.   

- Specify the [searchExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#searchMode) property. It is used to compare the search string against a specific field in your data objects. In this example, the search string is compared against the *"Name"* field.

- Use the [searchMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#searchMode) property to specify whether found list items should contain, be equal to, or start with the search string. In this example, you can use the drop-down menu under the List to change the **searchMode**.   
```

To add a search bar to the **List** and enable the search functionality, do the following:

- Set the [searchEnabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#searchEnabled) property to **true**.   

- Specify the [searchExpr](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#searchMode) property. It is used to compare the search string against a specific field in your data objects. In this example, the search string is compared against the *"Name"* field.

> - Use the [searchMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#searchMode) property to specify whether found list items should contain, be equal to, or start with the search string. In this example, you can use the drop-down menu under the List to change the **searchMode**.   

Reviewer 2: Minor thing -  I wouldn't use "found list items". I'd also change "be equal to" to "match".

```suggestion
- Use the [searchMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#searchMode) property to specify whether list items should start with, contain, or match the search string. In this example, you can use the drop-down menu under the List to change the **searchMode**.   
```
